h1. Enspiral Website

p. The code for the Enspiral Website. ["Production Site":http://enspiral.com] and ["Staging Site":http://staging.enspiral.com]


h2. Starting App

p. Normal Rails way. Create database and run rails server. 


h2. Branches

p. *Staging is volatile!* Only merge changes in from other branches. At any time staging can be reset to what is in master if it gets too messy.

p. Code in master may not be on production but it is considered tested and ready for production.

p. The branching system we are using for the Enspiral Website is:

* Use feature, bug or todo branches that are branched off of the *master branch* (ex. "feature/add_awesomeness").
* Merge your branch into *staging* for testing.
* If test pass and QA is good *rebase* your branch *from master*, resolve any conflicts, then *merge* your branch into *master*.
* If deploying *merge master* into the *production* branch

p. If you are making a very small change you feel is safe to test locally then you can make the change right on the master branch. Please, make sure it is only a very minor (view/stylesheet) change.

h2. Xero Keys

p. If the certificate expires then generate a new one in @config/xero@ with the following code and then upload the publickey.cer to developer.xero.com and generate the new keys

bc.. openssl genrsa -out privatekey.pem 1024
openssl req -new -x509 -key privatekey.pem -out publickey.cer -days 1825
openssl pkcs12 -export -out public_privatekey.pfx -inkey privatekey.pem -in publickey.cer

h2. Servers

p. Both production and staging are on the ruby server using ruby 1.8.7. Would like to move this to its own server to use 1.9.2.


h2. Help

p. If you have any questions you can email ["Samson Ootoowak":mailto:sam@enspiral.com]
